[chore] prepare release 0.28.1 (#547)
Dynatrace/dynatrace-otel-collector: CHANGELOG.md

<!-- next version -->

## v0.28.1

> This release includes version v0.124.0 of the upstream Collector components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release includes versions v0.124.0 and v0.124.1 of the upstream Collector components.
```
